Add publish-action README (#2)
akv-platform/publish-action: README.md

# publish-action

**Please note: this action is for internal usage only, we don't track issues or accept any contributions. We also do not recommend it for public or production usage.**

> This actions adds reliablity to the new action version publishing and handles the following cases:

Reviewer: `This action` I guess?

Author: exactly, thanks!

- Update major tag (v1, for example) to point to the latest release (v1.2.1, for example).
- Create major tag from the latest released tag if major tag doesn't exist 

## Status
Alpha. Action is under development and internal testing.

## Usage

> Action can be triggered on release creation or manually. Actual major tag update will require manual approval. See [workflow.yml](./.github/workflow.yml) for usage example.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to put the whole YAML that we are going to use in setup-java / setup-dotnet here. To simplify usage

Author: I have thought about that too, and created the following example:
```
steps:  
  - uses: actions/checkout@v2
  - uses: actions/publish-action@main
    name: Push major tag to new release
    with:
      tag-name: ${{ github.event.release.tag_name }} # tag name from the release publish event or from the workflow_dispatch input
```

But it looks too simple if we say that this action can be triggered with manual dispatch or with release creation. And the whole yml file will look too complicated for README, so I just put a link

Reviewer 2: Let's leave it as it is and @MaksimZhukov will put the complete example later when it is ready

Author: Ok, agree

# publish-action

**Please note: this action is for internal usage only, we don't track issues or accept any contributions. We also do not recommend it for public or production usage.**

> This action adds reliablity to the new action version publishing and handles the following cases:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This action adds reliability to the new action versions publishing and handles the following cases:
```

> - Update major tag (v1, for example) to point to the latest release (v1.2.1, for example).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Update a major tag (v1, for example) to point to the latest release (v1.2.1, for example).
```

> - Create major tag from the latest released tag if major tag doesn't exist 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Create a major tag from the latest released tag if a major tag doesn't exist 
```

## Status
Alpha. Action is under development and internal testing.

## Usage

> Action can be triggered on release creation or manually. Actual major tag update will require manual approval. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Action can be triggered on release creation or manually. The actual major tag update will require manual approval. 
```

See [workflow.yml](./.github/workflow.yml) for usage example.

> See [action.yml](action.yml) for full description of input and output fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [action.yml](action.yml) for a complete description of input and output fields.
```

Read more about action versioning notation in [action-versioning.md](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/main/docs/action-versioning.md).

> To rollback release in case of customer's impact, trigger workflow manually and specify the previous stable tag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To roll back a release in case of customer impact, start the workflow manually and specify the previous stable tag.
```
